Has anyone seen Praewa?
Since final exams last semester,
I haven't heard about her.
I heard she didn't take her final exams.
She was all messed up.
Good riddance.
She won't be useful around here anyway.
My friend said the management of her dorm
also tried to reach her.
Her stuff is still in the room.
But think about it.
She is nowhere to be seen.
Isn't that strange?
Right. Her Facebook account
has also been deactivated.
Maybe she got a new identity
and lives somewhere else now.
I don't care where the hell she is.
I just don't want her to come back here.
You're hiding out here alone again.
What are you thinking about?
Are you thinking about Praewa?
No, not this way.
-You're scolding me?
-You jerk!
Hey.
Did you go anywhere during the break?
No, you?
Me neither.
-Want to go somewhere? We can go now.
-Yes. Let's go.
I saw your house in Khao Yai
in your Twitter post.
It seems like a nice place.
Then let's go, shall we?
-Shall we?
-Yes.
Let's go.
Yes.
-Who's that?
-The new staff member.
Jus just recruited her.
Good.
She seems a lot more like
a normal person than Praewa.
You can say that again.
What are these for?
To tease you with.
It was just posted.
Look at the total likes.
THE TEAM WAS ASKED TO GET INTO PAIRS.
THEY CHOSE TO PAIR UP.
How wonderful.
You guys are so famous now.
We can't help it.
We are irresistible.
Yuck.
I really wish
you'd end up together.
Amen.
Damn, Brave. I'll kick your ass.
Kin, you said Justin recruited
a new staff member.
Why is she still here?
How should I know?
Does anybody want water?
Tell me if you need anything.
I'll see to it.
I don't agree
with letting Praewa back into the club.
But I don't see why we should kick her
out of the club.
Jus.
Did you forget
that nasty thing Praewa did?
I didn't forget.
If Praewa has to leave,
so does Brave.
Since they both did something wrong.
But Professor Pat,
without Brave…
in the competition at the end of the year,
we can't win.
I'll make the decision
as the adviser of the Cheer Club.
In any case,
Harin is more important
to the club than Praewa.
Therefore,
Harin won't get any more punishment.
And Praewa,
because she went AWOL,
that's two strikes.
Besides,
we have a new staff member now.
There's no more quota for anyone else.
Do we all agree?
Yes.
Praewa.
Are you okay?
About getting kicked out of the club?
About Aya and the others…
hurting you.
It didn't kill me.
Be careful, Praewa.
Luckily, Professor Pat
didn't give in to Jus.
If she had been allowed back,
I wouldn't want to go to practice.
It gives me the creeps thinking about
breathing the same air as her.
But Aya,
why would you get upset about this?
The more you're like this,
the more satisfaction you give her.
Right now,
she might even be laughing at you
that you're foaming at the mouth.
I think you just have to ignore her.
Can you do that?
But something got me curious.
She came back this time
looking all different.
She seemed unusually calm.
Are you starting to like her?
Your wifey is right here.
Aren't you worried he'd be jealous?
-Hubby!
-Kin!
-Are you leaving your wifey?
-What are you doing?
-Do you dare?
-Kin.
-Do you want this?
-Do you dare?
Don't! Don't be gentle!
Harder!
-Don't be gentle. Don't stop!
-Kin.
Aya.
What the fuck are you doing? Let me go!
What the fuck?
Did you fucking curse at me?
What about the shit you did to me?
Don't you think it was fucked up?
It was you, wasn't it…
who got someone to do black magic on me?
What the fuck?
I didn't do black magic on you!
I'll kill you!
Get off me!
All right, everybody.
In a few days,
we will know who will be the center
for the university's Cheer Club this year.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are here with a hot duo,
who are trending both on campus
and on social media.
Let's have a chat with them.
Hello, please introduce yourselves.
Hello, I'm Nat.
Hello, I'm Kin.
You have so many fans
who are here to support you.
I'd really like to know,
how did the hashtag #NatAndKin start?
I actually don't know
how it started.
I guess someone uploaded our photos
on social media,
and lots of people
commented that they liked them.
Then they started shipping us
and asking to take pictures of us together
and asking us to do things together.
So do you like it?
It's pretty good.
Actually, Nat and I were close before.
-And we are closer now, right?
-Yes.
So it's like I have a friend
who knows me so well.
Right, Nat?
Lately, we've seen
you guys together all the time,
so much so that many fans ship you
and want you to be a real couple.
Is that right?
Let me put it straight,
are you already a couple?
No.
We are friends.
He's a friend who…
I love very much.
Just friends or friends with benefits?
And as favorite contenders
to be the center
for the university's Cheer Club this year,
could you say a few words
about the upcoming winner announcement?
Everybody wants to be the center.
It must be very competitive.
Don't you think, Ping?
You are burning up.
Do you want to go to the infirmary?
Yes. Will you take me there?
Guys,
I'll take him to the infirmary.
I don't think he can continue.
Yes, go ahead.
He looks so pale that I'm scared of him.
I'll tell Jus.
The way they take care
of each other is kind of odd.
They're good at making a buzz.
It looks so convincing
that it gives me the creeps.
I know that they want to create a buzz,
but Khaimook isn't here right now.
Who are they playing up for?
That's right.
Let's go.
HEALTH CENTER
You should get back to practice.
I can stay by myself.
I just need to lie down for a bit.
It's all right.
I just want to make sure you are okay.
Yes, I'll be fine.
Just go to sleep.
I'll leave when you fall asleep.
I'll get you some water.
I'm sorry.
It was just a glass of water,
and you couldn't even hold it.
So how could I leave you here alone?
You should go.
Oh, my gosh!
There must be something going on
between them.
I can't ship two people
who are already in a relationship.
Can somebody write an uncensored
fanfic on this couple? Oh, my gosh.
A stubborn doctor has to take care
of a stubborn patient.
They hated each other at first,
but they ended up falling in love.
One fanfic down.
My soul is about to leave my body.
Oh, Captain, is that all you got?
Can you give us more?
Pretty please.
Hey, I have something to tell you.
Today is the best day.
The best day ever in my life.
You say this every day.
What did Nat and Kin do today?
Did they touch each other,
look into each other's eyes,
or what else did they do?
They kissed.
Seriously?
Where is it?
Come have a look.
-Where is it?
-Come on.
Too bad.
Look,
I took it as they were letting go
of each other.
Otherwise, I would have gotten a picture
of them kissing.
-Wait a minute.
-My hands were stiff.
How did you take this picture?
I was just passing by.
Fricking liar,
like l would ever believe you.
If you had taken a picture
of them kissing,
you would've posted it online then?
Of course.
The total likes
would have been overwhelming.
-My friend...
-So cute.
I think you're violating their privacy.
This photo is already bad enough.
Look at this.
If you're going
to post a photo of them kissing,
I don't even know what to say to you.
What are you even talking about?
Nobody says anything mean to me.
Everybody is happy. Everybody likes it.
I'm doing this for humanity.
Okay, I don't want to argue with you.
I know you're doing this
because you really love them.
But I want you to wonder
if what you're doing
is actually hurting those you love.
And be careful. If you get in trouble,
I won't help you.
But seriously, I still can't believe
that they really kissed.
Both of them seem very masculine.
That doesn't mean they can't fall in love.
That's true.
I just didn't think
that they were this close before.
But now, to Nat,
everything is all about Kin.
To Kin, everything is all about Nat.
I'm so confused.
They're so into each other,
like they've got a love spell put on them.
What love spell?
In this day and age,
nobody uses spells anymore.
They are truly in love.
Yeah, right.
NAT, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHERE ARE YOU?
CALL ME BACK
WHEN YOU TURN YOUR PHONE ON.
WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU?
I CAN'T REACH YOU.
Nat.
Nat, what's going on?
-Nat.
-Get out.
What's wrong?
-Nat.
-Get out!
UNIVERSITY SPORTS COMPLEX
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Just looking at your candid photos.
You take good photos.
Don't you know
that they don't allow outsiders here?
I'm here to collect my stuff.
After I finish, I'll leave.
Hey, Nat.
Are you free tonight?
Are you okay?
Your face looks gloomy.
Did somebody put black magic on you?
Yeah, I think so too.
Kat must have worked some magic on him.
You know he does her real good every time.
I'm tired from the practice, you assholes.
Get out of here. Go.
What's with the attitude?
-Let's party.
-Let's go.
You can be with Kat
and do whatever you want.
Nobody has a problem with that.
But you should have your phone turned on,
just in case of an emergency.
So people can reach you.
Hey.
What's wrong with you?
What are you mad at me about?
I'm not mad.
You are.
Tell me what it's about.
You're mad that I was with Kat
and didn't answer your call, right?
Why would I be mad at you?
You can fuck whoever you want.
It has nothing to do with me.
Why are you back so late?
Did you eat?
I just got back too.
There are so many activities.
There's rehearsal every day,
it's so exhausting.
What's wrong with her?
You said it was nothing serious.
But it has gone too far.
What do you mean, too far?
How is that possible?
I just want them to fall in love,
just a little bromance.
Not like…
Did anyone else mess with the dolls?
Someone tried
to put more black magic on them
and get the two of them
to have actual intercourse.
Also, the intention is death.
Death?
Hey.
What are you doing?
I'll try my best to undo it.
Take this with you.
To protect myself from black magic?
To help promote my business.
RICH, LUCKY, CHARMING…
Wow, did everyone see the clip last night?
At first, I thought
some ghosts were haunting the gym,
but those weren't ghosts.
It was our favorite shipped couple.
In the clip, everyone can see
the two of them
banging each other in the club room.
-Who are they?
-I know.
I read about it last night, it's so saucy.
It must be Nan's favorite couple,
Nat and Kin.
It's not hard to guess.
Gosh, that hurts.
Stop talking about this, okay?
Is your ship for real, Nan?
Damn, is it true?
I don't know.
But, seriously,
I like shipping them together,
but I don't want them to bang for real.
I'm telling you,
I'm not surprised at all. I knew it.
IT'S OKAY THAT YOU'RE HAVING SEX,
BUT PLEASE USE PROTECTION.
THAT IS SO STEAMY.
BEST FRIENDS.
THEY LOVE EACH OTHER SO MUCH.
TO ALL THE FANS, HOW DO YOU LIKE IT NOW?
Can you please explain to me
what happened?
Speak.
If you don't,
I can't help you.
This crazy rumor,
is it true?
We don't really know.
I can't explain.
It was like a dream,
but it also felt real.
We don't even know
what happened that day.
It was like…
we were so drunk
even though we hadn't been drinking.
What story are you making up?
We are not making it up.
You know that we're both straight guys.
-So why did you bang in the club room?
-Jus.
Enough.
All of you.
Did you forget that I'm still in the room?
You said you didn't feel like yourself
because you were drunk.
So that means
everything that happened was real
like what people say.
Right?
What happened?
What's the punishment?
Professor Pat took us off
of the list of contenders for the center.
You're okay.
YOU GOT BONED HARD, DID IT HURT?
Who are you?
Why don't you come and see me?
Oh, is it you, Praewa?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Why the fuck are you laughing?
Praewa?
What's wrong?
Kin.
-Hey, Kin.
-Kin.
Kin.
I'm sorry.
Sir, let me take your blood pressure.
It's normal.
But you should get some rest.
Don't get up yet.
Thank you.
ASA SAMAKKEE FOUNDATION
KIN
DO IT NOW.
Hey, it's time. Let's go.
What's wrong?
-What's wrong, sir?
-Doctor, please help me.
Don't be scared.
Calm down.
You! How did you get here?
You're dead!
Let go of me!
You're all dead! Let go of me!
Leave me alone!
-Nurse, hold him!
-Please calm down!
Sir, where are you going?
-Don't follow me!
-Please come back!
Sir!
Leave me alone!
-Please calm down!
-Mister, calm down!
Don't!
Get away from me! Leave me alone!
Get away from me!
Don't come any closer!
I said don't come any closer!
I'm scared!
Leave me alone!
-Sir, please calm down.
-Calm down.
-Don't!
-Sir!
Who will watch Kin tonight?
Do we have to?
I don't think…
-Kin!
Kin!
It's a student. He fell from the rooftop.
Subtitle translation by
Thanatcha Saksiamkul